README.md, before:

# University-Portfolio
This repository contains most of the projects I have worked on throughout my undergraduate career.

## Table of Contents  
[CPSC 131 - Data Structures](#cpsc-131---data-structures)  
[EGME 497 - Undergraduate Study](#egme-497---undergraduate-study)  
[CPSC 121 - Object Oriented Programming](#cpsc-121---object-oriented-programming)  
[CPSC 120 - Introduction to Programming](#cpsc-120---introduction-to-programming)  
[EGME 308 - Numerical Methods](#egme-308---numerical-methods)  
[EGME 205 - Digital Computation](#egme-205---digital-computation)    

## CPSC 131 - Data Structures
### Homework Assignments
In this course I learned fundamental data structures and algorithms. These data structures include arrays, vectors, stacks, queues, linked lists, trees, heaps, hash tables, and graphs. Some of the algorithms discussed were searching, sorting, traversing, and hashing. Homework in this class was a collection of "mini projects" that build on top of one another introducing new concepts as the course progressed.
| Homework No. | Name | Key Topics | PDF File |
| :------------: | :-------------: | :-------------: | :-------------: |
| 1 | Introduction and Review | `C++ Basics` `Input/Output` `Dynamic Memory` `Overloading Insertion/Extraction Operators` | [Homework 1: Introduction and Review](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20131%20-%20Data%20Structures/Homework%201%20-%20Student%20Files/Introduction%20%26%20Review%20Project.pdf)
| 2 | Sequence Containers | `Arrays` `Vectors` `Singly Linked List` `Doubly Linked List` | [Homework 2: Sequence Containers](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20131%20-%20Data%20Structures/Homework%202%20-%20Student%20Files/Sequence%20Containers%20Homework.pdf)
| 3 | Container Adapters | `Stack` `Queue` `Adapter Container` `Recursion` | [Homework 3: Container Adapters](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20131%20-%20Data%20Structures/Homework%203%20-%20Student%20Files/Container%20Adapters%20Homework.pdf)
| 4 | Ordered Associative Containers | `Binary Search Tree` `Associative Containers` | [Homework 4: Ordered Associative Containers](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20131%20-%20Data%20Structures/Homework%204%20-%20Student%20Files/Associative%20Containers%20Homework.pdf)
| 5 | Unordered Containers | `Unordered Containers` `Hash Tables` | [Homework 5: Unordered Containers](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20131%20-%20Data%20Structures/Homework%205%20-%20Student%20Files/Unordered%20Containers%20Homework.pdf)

## EGME 497 - Undergraduate Study
### Tensor Transformation Visualization
From Summer 2021-2022, I developed a web-based application using Unity Game Engine that illustrates three-dimensional stress transformations dynamically, in real time. The development on this application was supervised by my professor Dr. Sanders. Prior to starting development, neither my professor or myself had experience using Unity game engine or writing in C#. I learned how to use Unity Game Engine through online tutorials and videos and successfully published the [web application](https://jdubulew.github.io/tensor-transform-visualization/) through GitHub Pages alongside its paper, [Visualizing tensor component transformations using virtual reality and web-based applications](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/EGME%20497%20-%20Undergraduate%20Study/visualizing-tensor-component-transformations-using-virtual-reality-and-web-based-applications.pdf) published at the ASEE Conference in August 2022.
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/EGME%20497%20-%20Undergraduate%20Study/tensor_transform_visualization.png" alt="Tensor Transformation Visualization Image"/>
</p>

## CPSC 121 - Object Oriented Programming
### Labs
In this course I learned the concepts of object oriented programming (OOP). The homeowork (labs) are located in the [Lab Code folder](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/tree/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Code) and the assignment description for each lab is located in the [Lab Assignments folder](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/tree/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments).
  
  | Lab No. | Name | PDF File |
  | :------------: | :-------------: | :-------------: |
  | 1 | Hello World | [Lab 1](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%201.pdf) |
  | 2 | General Arithmetic Operations | [Lab 2](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%202.pdf) |
  | 3 | Constants | [Lab 3](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%203%20Constants.pdf) |
  | 4 | Type Conversion or Casting | [Lab 4](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%204%20Type%20Conversion%20or%20Casting.pdf) |
  | 5 | Using pow | [Lab 5](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%205%20Using%20pow.pdf)
  | 6 | Selection Structure Statement | [Lab 6](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%206%20Selection%20Structure.pdf)
  | 7 | Selection Structure using IF Statement | [Lab 7](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%207%20Selection%20Structure.pdf)
  | 8 | Logical AND/OR Operators | [Lab 8](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%208%20Logical%20AND%20OR.pdf)
  | 9 | Introduction to the Switch Statement | [Lab 9](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%209%20Switch%20Statement.pdf)
  | 10 | Introduction to Repetition Structure - While Statements | [Lab 10](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2010%20Intro%20To%20Repetition%20Structure.pdf)
  | 11 | Draw a Right Triangle using Nested For Loops | [Lab 11](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2011%20Draw%20a%20right%20triangle%20with%20nest%20loops.pdf)
  | 12 | Draw a Square using Nested For Loops | [Lab 12](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2012%20Repetition%20Strucuture%20-%20For%20Statement%20-%20Draw%20A%20Square.pdf)
  | 13 | N/A | N/A
  | 14 | Number to Text Conversion | [Lab 14](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2014%20Check%20writing%20program.pdf)
  | 15 | Perfect Numbers | [Lab 15](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2015%20Strings%20-%20Perfect%20Numbers.pdf)
  | 16 | Pyramid Calculator using Functions | [Lab 16](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2016%20Functions%20-%20Create%20a%20pyramid%20calculator.pdf)
  | 17 | Water Tower | [Lab 17](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2017%20Water%20Tower%20Project.pdf)
  | 18 | Adding Fractions | [Lab 18](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2018%20Adding%20Fractions.pdf)
  | 19 | Apartment Problem | [Lab 19](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2019%20Apartment%20Problem%20Project.pdf)
  | 20 | Pascal's Triangle using User Input | [Lab 20](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2020%20Pascal%20Triangle.pdf)
  | 21 | Binary to Integer | [Lab 21](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2021%20Binary%20to%20Integer%20Project.pdf)
  | 22 | EMIRPS (Backwards Prime) | [Lab 22](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2022%20-%20Emirps%20Project.pdf)
  | 23 | Repetition Free Numbers | [Lab 23](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2023%20Repetition%20Free%20Numbers.pdf)
  | 24 | Max Sequence | [Lab 24](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2024%20Max%20Sequence%20Project.pdf)
  | 25 | RGB to Hex Number | [Lab 25](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2025%20RGB%20to%20Hex%20Number.pdf)
  | 26 | Arrays Water Tower | [Lab 26](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2026%20Arrays%20Water%20Tower.pdf)

## CPSC 120 - Introduction to Programming
### Labs
In this course I learned the basics of programming in C++. This includes the design and execution of programs; sequential nature of programs; use of assignment, control and input/output statements to accomplish desired tasks; design and use of functions. Homework in this class was in the form of "labs" which are located in the [Labs folder](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/tree/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming).
| Lab No. | Name | Lab Code |
| :------------: | :-------------: | :-------------: |
| 1 | Arithmetic Operations | [Lab 1](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%201.cpp) |
| 2 | Surface Area Calculator | [Lab 2](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%202.cpp) |
| 3 | Chocolate Box Organizer | [Lab 3](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%203.cpp) |
| 4 | Do While Loop: Task Scheduler | [Lab 4](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%204.cpp) |
| 5 | Switch Statements | [Lab 5](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%205.cpp)
| 6 | Input/Output Stream: Probability Calculator | [Lab 6](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%206.cpp)
| 7 | Input/Output Stream: Text Converter | [Lab 7](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%207.cpp)
| 8 | Function Practice: Number Cutoff Calculator | [Lab 8](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%208.cpp)
| 9 | Function Practice: Store Total Calculator | [Lab 9](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%209.cpp)
| 10 | Insert into an Array | [Lab 10](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%2010.cpp)
| 11 | Binary Search Algorithm | [Lab 11](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%2011.cpp)
| 12 | Travel through a 2D Array | [Lab 12](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%2012.cpp)
| 13 | Sorting Algorithm | [Lab 13](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%2013.cpp)
| 14 | String Comparison | [Lab 14](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%2014.cpp)

### Final Project
In the final project, we were tasked with coding a text-based game. I decided to code a text-based Maze game which allowed the player to select between mazes of various size. The code for this project is located in the [Final Project - Maze folder](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/tree/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Final%20Project%20-%20Maze).

## EGME 308 - Numerical Methods

## EGME 205 - Digital Computation

Commit message:

Update README.md to include EGME 308

README.md, after:

# University-Portfolio
This repository contains most of the projects I have worked on throughout my undergraduate career.

## Table of Contents  
[CPSC 481 - Artificial Intelligence](#cpsc-481---artificial-intelligence)  
[CPSC 375 - Data Science](#cpsc-375---data-science)  
[CPSC 131 - Data Structures](#cpsc-131---data-structures)  
[EGME 497 - Undergraduate Study](#egme-497---undergraduate-study)  
[CPSC 121 - Object Oriented Programming](#cpsc-121---object-oriented-programming)  
[CPSC 120 - Introduction to Programming](#cpsc-120---introduction-to-programming)  
[EGME 308 - Engineering Analysis](#egme-308---engineering-analysis)  
[EGME 205 - Digital Computation](#egme-205---digital-computation)    

## CPSC 481 - Artificial Intelligence
Currently in progress as of Spring 2023. Updates will be made frequently to include homeworks and projects when completed.

## CPSC 375 - Data Science
Currently in progress as of Spring 2023. Updates will be made frequently to include homeworks and projects when completed.

## CPSC 131 - Data Structures
### Homework Assignments
In this course I learned fundamental data structures and algorithms. These data structures include arrays, vectors, stacks, queues, linked lists, trees, heaps, hash tables, and graphs. Some of the algorithms discussed were searching, sorting, traversing, and hashing. Homework in this class was a collection of "mini projects" that build on top of one another introducing new concepts as the course progressed.
| Homework No. | Name | Key Topics | PDF File |
| :------------: | :-------------: | :-------------: | :-------------: |
| 1 | Introduction and Review | `C++ Basics` `Input/Output` `Dynamic Memory` `Overloading Insertion/Extraction Operators` | [Homework 1: Introduction and Review](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20131%20-%20Data%20Structures/Homework%201%20-%20Student%20Files/Introduction%20%26%20Review%20Project.pdf)
| 2 | Sequence Containers | `Arrays` `Vectors` `Singly Linked List` `Doubly Linked List` | [Homework 2: Sequence Containers](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20131%20-%20Data%20Structures/Homework%202%20-%20Student%20Files/Sequence%20Containers%20Homework.pdf)
| 3 | Container Adapters | `Stack` `Queue` `Adapter Container` `Recursion` | [Homework 3: Container Adapters](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20131%20-%20Data%20Structures/Homework%203%20-%20Student%20Files/Container%20Adapters%20Homework.pdf)
| 4 | Ordered Associative Containers | `Binary Search Tree` `Associative Containers` | [Homework 4: Ordered Associative Containers](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20131%20-%20Data%20Structures/Homework%204%20-%20Student%20Files/Associative%20Containers%20Homework.pdf)
| 5 | Unordered Containers | `Unordered Containers` `Hash Tables` | [Homework 5: Unordered Containers](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20131%20-%20Data%20Structures/Homework%205%20-%20Student%20Files/Unordered%20Containers%20Homework.pdf)

## EGME 497 - Undergraduate Study
### Tensor Transformation Visualization
From Summer 2021-2022, I developed a web-based application using Unity Game Engine that illustrates three-dimensional stress transformations dynamically, in real time. The development on this application was supervised by my professor Dr. Sanders. Prior to starting development, neither my professor or myself had experience using Unity game engine or writing in C#. I learned how to use Unity Game Engine through online tutorials and videos and successfully published the [web application](https://jdubulew.github.io/tensor-transform-visualization/) through GitHub Pages alongside its paper, [Visualizing tensor component transformations using virtual reality and web-based applications](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/EGME%20497%20-%20Undergraduate%20Study/visualizing-tensor-component-transformations-using-virtual-reality-and-web-based-applications.pdf) published at the ASEE Conference in August 2022.
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/EGME%20497%20-%20Undergraduate%20Study/tensor_transform_visualization.png" alt="Tensor Transformation Visualization Image"/>
</p>

## CPSC 121 - Object Oriented Programming
### Labs
In this course I learned the concepts of object oriented programming (OOP). The homeowork (labs) are located in the [Lab Code folder](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/tree/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Code) and the assignment description for each lab is located in the [Lab Assignments folder](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/tree/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments).
  
  | Lab No. | Name | PDF File |
  | :------------: | :-------------: | :-------------: |
  | 1 | Hello World | [Lab 1](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%201.pdf) |
  | 2 | General Arithmetic Operations | [Lab 2](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%202.pdf) |
  | 3 | Constants | [Lab 3](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%203%20Constants.pdf) |
  | 4 | Type Conversion or Casting | [Lab 4](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%204%20Type%20Conversion%20or%20Casting.pdf) |
  | 5 | Using pow | [Lab 5](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%205%20Using%20pow.pdf)
  | 6 | Selection Structure Statement | [Lab 6](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%206%20Selection%20Structure.pdf)
  | 7 | Selection Structure using IF Statement | [Lab 7](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%207%20Selection%20Structure.pdf)
  | 8 | Logical AND/OR Operators | [Lab 8](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%208%20Logical%20AND%20OR.pdf)
  | 9 | Introduction to the Switch Statement | [Lab 9](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%209%20Switch%20Statement.pdf)
  | 10 | Introduction to Repetition Structure - While Statements | [Lab 10](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2010%20Intro%20To%20Repetition%20Structure.pdf)
  | 11 | Draw a Right Triangle using Nested For Loops | [Lab 11](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2011%20Draw%20a%20right%20triangle%20with%20nest%20loops.pdf)
  | 12 | Draw a Square using Nested For Loops | [Lab 12](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2012%20Repetition%20Strucuture%20-%20For%20Statement%20-%20Draw%20A%20Square.pdf)
  | 13 | N/A | N/A
  | 14 | Number to Text Conversion | [Lab 14](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2014%20Check%20writing%20program.pdf)
  | 15 | Perfect Numbers | [Lab 15](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2015%20Strings%20-%20Perfect%20Numbers.pdf)
  | 16 | Pyramid Calculator using Functions | [Lab 16](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2016%20Functions%20-%20Create%20a%20pyramid%20calculator.pdf)
  | 17 | Water Tower | [Lab 17](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2017%20Water%20Tower%20Project.pdf)
  | 18 | Adding Fractions | [Lab 18](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2018%20Adding%20Fractions.pdf)
  | 19 | Apartment Problem | [Lab 19](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2019%20Apartment%20Problem%20Project.pdf)
  | 20 | Pascal's Triangle using User Input | [Lab 20](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2020%20Pascal%20Triangle.pdf)
  | 21 | Binary to Integer | [Lab 21](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2021%20Binary%20to%20Integer%20Project.pdf)
  | 22 | EMIRPS (Backwards Prime) | [Lab 22](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2022%20-%20Emirps%20Project.pdf)
  | 23 | Repetition Free Numbers | [Lab 23](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2023%20Repetition%20Free%20Numbers.pdf)
  | 24 | Max Sequence | [Lab 24](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2024%20Max%20Sequence%20Project.pdf)
  | 25 | RGB to Hex Number | [Lab 25](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2025%20RGB%20to%20Hex%20Number.pdf)
  | 26 | Arrays Water Tower | [Lab 26](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20121%20-%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming/Lab%20Assignments/Lab%2026%20Arrays%20Water%20Tower.pdf)

## CPSC 120 - Introduction to Programming
### Labs
In this course I learned the basics of programming in C++. This includes the design and execution of programs; sequential nature of programs; use of assignment, control and input/output statements to accomplish desired tasks; design and use of functions. Homework in this class was in the form of "labs" which are located in the [Labs folder](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/tree/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming).
| Lab No. | Name | Lab Code |
| :------------: | :-------------: | :-------------: |
| 1 | Arithmetic Operations | [Lab 1](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%201.cpp) |
| 2 | Surface Area Calculator | [Lab 2](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%202.cpp) |
| 3 | Chocolate Box Organizer | [Lab 3](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%203.cpp) |
| 4 | Do While Loop: Task Scheduler | [Lab 4](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%204.cpp) |
| 5 | Switch Statements | [Lab 5](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%205.cpp)
| 6 | Input/Output Stream: Probability Calculator | [Lab 6](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%206.cpp)
| 7 | Input/Output Stream: Text Converter | [Lab 7](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%207.cpp)
| 8 | Function Practice: Number Cutoff Calculator | [Lab 8](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%208.cpp)
| 9 | Function Practice: Store Total Calculator | [Lab 9](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%209.cpp)
| 10 | Insert into an Array | [Lab 10](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%2010.cpp)
| 11 | Binary Search Algorithm | [Lab 11](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%2011.cpp)
| 12 | Travel through a 2D Array | [Lab 12](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%2012.cpp)
| 13 | Sorting Algorithm | [Lab 13](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%2013.cpp)
| 14 | String Comparison | [Lab 14](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Labs/lab%2014.cpp)

### Final Project
In the final project, we were tasked with coding a text-based game. I decided to code a text-based Maze game which allowed the player to select between mazes of various size. The code for this project is located in the [Final Project - Maze folder](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/tree/main/CPSC%20120%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Programming/Final%20Project%20-%20Maze).

## EGME 308 - Engineering Analysis
### Checkpoints
This was a semester long, project-based course about fundamentals and engineering applications of Fourier transforms, Laplace transforms, complex analysis, and vector analysis. The project was split into four checkpoints, with the fourth being a presentation. For each checkpoint, we wrote a report using Latex which explained our thought process and detailed work. We were tasked to design a telescopic antenna that would serve as an (FM) signal receiver for portable radios. This task requires a specific design geometry which includes: number of sections, length, and thickness. All of which must meet the given design requirements as well as successfully pick up FM radio signals. At the end of the semester, my group won both the best design meaning it was the lightest along with being the least expensive design to satisfy the design requirements.
| Checkpoint No. | Name | Key Topics | PDF File |
| :------------: | :-------------: | :-------------: | :-------------: |
| 1 | Design for Stress Under Static Conditions | `Laplace Transform` `Heaviside Step Function` `Shear Force` `Bending Moment` `Normal Stress` `MATLAB` `Latex` | [Checkpoint 1](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/EGME%20308%20-%20Engineering%20Analysis/Project/Checkpoint%20%231/Checkpoint%20%231.pdf)
| 2 | Design for Deflection Under Static Conditions | `Euler-Bernoulli Beam Theory` `Dirac Delta Function` `Deflection of Beams` `Modulus of Elasticity` `MATLAB` `Latex` | [Checkpoint 2](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/EGME%20308%20-%20Engineering%20Analysis/Project/Checkpoint%20%232/Checkpoint%20%232.pdf)
| 3 | Design for Vibration | `Euler-Bernoulli Beam Theory` `Fourier Series` `Fourier Transform` `Fundamental Frequency` `Simple Harmonic Oscillator` `Latex` | [Checkpoint 3](https://github.com/skelkelian/University-Portfolio/blob/main/EGME%20308%20-%20Engineering%20Analysis/Project/Checkpoint%20%233/Checkpoint%20%233.pdf)
| 4 | Design Presentation | `Microsoft Powerpoint` | N/A

## EGME 205 - Digital Computation
